# EDI 855 (Purchase Order Acknowledgement) Mapping

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>DocBits Field </th><th>EDI Field</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>supplier_id</td><td>N104</td><td>Unique identifier for the supplier.</td></tr><tr><td>supplier_name</td><td>N102</td><td>Name of the supplier.</td></tr><tr><td>supplier_address</td><td>N301</td><td>Address of the supplier.</td></tr><tr><td>supplier_tax_id</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Tax identification number of the supplier.</td></tr><tr><td>invoice_id</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Unique identifier for the invoice.</td></tr><tr><td>invoice_date</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Date the invoice was issued.</td></tr><tr><td>delivery_date</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Date the goods or services were delivered.</td></tr><tr><td>supplier_iban</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>IBAN number of the supplier.</td></tr><tr><td>payment_terms</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Terms of payment specified for the invoice.</td></tr><tr><td>purchase_order</td><td>BAK03</td><td>Purchase order number associated with the invoice.</td></tr><tr><td>currency</td><td>CUR02</td><td>Currency used in the invoice.</td></tr><tr><td>net_amount</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Net amount before taxes.</td></tr><tr><td>tax_amount</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Total tax amount applied.</td></tr><tr><td>tax_rate</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Tax rate applied to the net amount.</td></tr><tr><td>net_amount_2</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Secondary net amount (if applicable).</td></tr><tr><td>tax_amount_2</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Secondary tax amount (if applicable).</td></tr><tr><td>tax_rate_2</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Secondary tax rate (if applicable).</td></tr><tr><td>total_net_amount</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Total net amount of the invoice.</td></tr><tr><td>total_tax_amount</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Total tax amount of the invoice.</td></tr><tr><td>total_amount</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Total amount of the invoice, including taxes.</td></tr><tr><td>order_date</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Date when the order was placed.</td></tr><tr><td>document_date</td><td>BAK04</td><td>Date of the document creation or issue.</td></tr><tr><td>POSITION</td><td>PO101</td><td>Position within the invoice (related to line items).</td></tr><tr><td>PURCHASE_ORDER</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Purchase order number.</td></tr><tr><td>ITEM_NUMBER</td><td>PO107</td><td>Item number associated with the invoice line item.</td></tr><tr><td>SUPPLIER_ITEM_NUMBER</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Supplier's item number.</td></tr><tr><td>DESCRIPTION</td><td>PO105</td><td>Description of the item or service.</td></tr><tr><td>QUANTITY</td><td>ACK02, PO102</td><td>Quantity of items or services.</td></tr><tr><td>UNIT</td><td>PO103</td><td>Unit of measure for the items or services.</td></tr><tr><td>UNIT_PRICE</td><td>ACK02, PO104</td><td>Price per unit of the item or service.</td></tr><tr><td>VAT</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>VAT amount for the item or service.</td></tr><tr><td>TOTAL_AMOUNT</td><td>(ACK02 * ACK02), (PO102 * PO104)</td><td>Total amount for the line item, including VAT.</td></tr><tr><td>PROMISED_DELIVERY_DATE</td><td>DTM02</td><td>Promised delivery date for the goods or services.</td></tr><tr><td>net_amount_3</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Tertiary net amount (if applicable).</td></tr><tr><td>tax_amount_3</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Tertiary tax amount (if applicable).</td></tr><tr><td>tax_rate_3</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Tertiary tax rate (if applicable).</td></tr><tr><td>custom_field_1</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Custom field for additional information (1).</td></tr><tr><td>custom_field_2</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Custom field for additional information (2).</td></tr><tr><td>custom_field_3</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Custom field for additional information (3).</td></tr><tr><td>custom_field_4</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Custom field for additional information (4).</td></tr><tr><td>custom_field_5</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Custom field for additional information (5).</td></tr><tr><td>custom_field_6</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Custom field for additional information (6).</td></tr><tr><td>custom_field_7</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Custom field for additional information (7).</td></tr><tr><td>custom_field_8</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Custom field for additional information (8).</td></tr><tr><td>custom_field_9</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Custom field for additional information (9).</td></tr><tr><td>custom_field_10</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Custom field for additional information (10).</td></tr></tbody></table>
