# EDI 856 (Advance Shipment Notice) Mapping

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="249">DocBits Field  </th><th>EDI Field</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>supplier_id</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Unique identifier for the supplier.</td></tr><tr><td>supplier_name</td><td>N102</td><td>Name of the supplier.</td></tr><tr><td>supplier_address</td><td>N301</td><td>Address of the supplier.</td></tr><tr><td>supplier_tax_id</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Tax identification number of the supplier.</td></tr><tr><td>purchase_order</td><td>PRF01</td><td>Purchase order number associated with the invoice.</td></tr><tr><td>bill_of_landing</td><td>REF02</td><td>Bill of lading document number.</td></tr><tr><td>trailer_number</td><td>TD303</td><td>Number of the trailer transporting the goods.</td></tr><tr><td>asn_date</td><td>BSN03</td><td>Date of the Advance Shipment Notice (ASN).</td></tr><tr><td>vendor_delivery_number</td><td>BSN02</td><td>Delivery number assigned by the vendor.</td></tr><tr><td>carrier_name</td><td>TD505</td><td>Name of the carrier responsible for the shipment.</td></tr><tr><td>POSITION</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Position within the invoice (related to line items).</td></tr><tr><td>PURCHASE_ORDER</td><td>PRF01</td><td>Purchase order number.</td></tr><tr><td>ITEM_NUMBER</td><td>LIN03</td><td>Item number associated with the invoice line item.</td></tr><tr><td>SUPPLIER_ITEM_NUMBER</td><td>LIN05</td><td>Supplier's item number.</td></tr><tr><td>DESCRIPTION</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Description of the item or service.</td></tr><tr><td>QUANTITY</td><td>SN102</td><td>Quantity of items or services.</td></tr><tr><td>UNIT</td><td>SN103</td><td>Unit of measure for the items or services.</td></tr><tr><td>UNIT_PRICE</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Price per unit of the item or service.</td></tr><tr><td>VAT</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>VAT amount for the item or service.</td></tr><tr><td>TOTAL_AMOUNT</td><td>not mapped yet</td><td>Total amount for the line item, including VAT.</td></tr><tr><td>LOT_NUMBER</td><td>LIN07</td><td>Lot number associated with the item.</td></tr><tr><td>SSCC</td><td>MAN02</td><td>Serial Shipping Container Code for the item.</td></tr><tr><td>PALLATE</td><td>REF02</td><td>Pallet information for the shipment.</td></tr><tr><td>MANUFACTURING</td><td>DTM02</td><td>Manufacturing date of the item.</td></tr><tr><td>TEMP</td><td>LIN09</td><td>Temperature conditions (if applicable).</td></tr><tr><td>NET_WEIGHT</td><td>PO406</td><td>Net weight of the item.</td></tr><tr><td>PACKAGE_NUMBER</td><td>MAN05</td><td>Package number associated with the item.</td></tr></tbody></table>
